well howdy there didn't have people
would SPO again Wow
so lost 24 hours ago I said expect to
see a ratcheting up of tensions this
isn't what I meant I expected us to get
to the point we're at now maybe 60 days
I certainly did not expect this to
happen
24 hours later this is going from zero
to 120 miles an hour this is a huge
escalation the media keeps saying that
but they're doing a really bad job of
explaining why they're framing
everything from the point of view of the
United States and it doesn't make any
sense why would this matter if all of
this is true you have to understand it
from their point of view what they see
when they look at it and what they see
is he's a hero he's a hero
so we're gonna go through his background
from their point of view before I do
this I want to say he's a bad actor on
the international stage he is a bad
actor he is responsible for a lot of
morally questionable things a lot he has
certainly run afoul of US interest a
number of times but there's also gonna
be some stuff in here that'll surprise
you okay so so Manny started off he
enlisted in 1979 right after the
Revolution so put the emotional tie with
it okay this guy signed up as soon as
the country existed he was like a
plumber or something before then some he
was a tradesman of some kind he signed
up that a normal tour participated in
putting down a rebellion in Kurdish
territory
then 1980 they were on Iran war pops off
he forms a company himself from guys
from his hometown trains get some red
and it leads him in the battle he
develops a reputation as being just
absolutely fearless but more importantly
he was successful extremely successful
he started as a company commander he
ended as a division commander he goes
from commanding 100 200 troops to
commanding thousands he's not even 30
years old from their perspective he's
amazing
he joins they're kind of their elite
forces ok any he rides out a few years
with nothing going on back in his
hometown it's kind of like the regional
commander there then in 97 he becomes
commander of what amounts to like a
blending of our CIA and Green Berets
okay that it's kind of both in one
little force he becomes commander of it
and he excels at it and I mean excels so
much so that in 2001 when the United
States needed help in Afghanistan they
went to him and he helped he helped
target those people that were real bad
actors in Afghanistan now he did it
because they also not just did they go
after the US they also went after some
Shia sites that bothered him so he
helped the u.s. that and he was
instrumental
George Bush popped off with that axis of
evil stuff and he stopped helping that
should tell you something get a little
bit more insight into him rhetoric had
no place for this man
so let's fast-forward 2011 he is
described by the Supreme Leader of Iran
as a living martyr he's promoted to
Major General he is instrumental in
fighting alongside the United States in
Iraq and Syria he's credited with being
the architect behind the strategy Assad
used to turn the tide in the Middle East
he's picked your famous General Patton
whoever whoever it is that you idolized
in the Middle East it's him it's him and
he worked with the u.s. a lot now at the
same time he's not there for US
interests he's there for Ronnie and
interest which means he backed
organizations the same way the CIA does
because he was running their version of
it kind of
he backed organizations that were
questionable in a lot of ways and used a
lot of questionable tactics but to them
the ends justified the means the same
way it does here one of the things that
I really wish Americans understood was
that the reason Iran and the US can't
get along it's because we're a whole lot
alike
we idolized our military leaders so much
so that this gentleman was encouraged to
run for president in Iran three maybe
four times turned him down each time in
the last time he said that he had no
intention of doing it that anybody's
saying that he even considered it was
spreading too divisive rumors and was
out to undermine the revolution he was a
simple soldier and would always be a
simple soldier
that's the kind of person that that
gains that respect that gains that
admiration he got wounded one of his
famous quotes martyrdom is what I seek
but the hills and valleys won't give it
to me this is a guy who exemplified the
the Iranian John Wayne he is in the
hearts and minds of the of these people
he's a hero to them he's a national
legend you need to look at him the way
we look at George Washington or any any
great general when you're talking about
our standard history the history that
the government approves of when theirs
is written he's going to have a huge
place in it huge
we can't understate how how this is
going to impact them beyond that because
of his role as director of their Foreign
Service so to speak he's respected and
had connections to literally every group
that hates the United States we're not
talking about whether they have a reason
to right now we're talking about the
fact that they do and he helped them in
many ways intelligence training money
he's respected not just in Iran but all
over the Middle East martyrdom is what
he said salt and we gave it to him now
Trump's idea is that while Iran's a
bully and they just need to get punched
in the nose and this is the punch in the
nose truthfully I don't know what's
gonna happen
neither does anybody else this has no
precedent nobody has ever done anything
like this the reason nobody has ever
done anything like this is that it's
insane it the response from this is
probably going to be a wave of stuff
that we don't want to deal with because
we didn't just upset Iran now maybe
maybe he's right
maybe Trump is right and this is all
kind of blow over and Iran is gonna be a
lot more cooperative now history seems
to indicate that it's not gonna go that
way
my gut tells me this is a real bad move
and this is going to escalate and I
think that this is going to take it
further than they wanted I've said
before they wanted this administration
wanted this war for election purposes I
think they may have just gotten a little
bit more than they could chew I don't
foresee the IRGC specifically or Iran in
general taking this lying down
I think Iraq probably just got turned
into the battlefield for a war between
Iran in the US and it may escalate from
there
Congress should not be Cheerilee
cheerleading this on they need to put a
stop to it as soon as possible it
doesn't matter that general Soleimani
was a bad actor the fallout from this is
gonna be pretty big and I don't think
we're ready for it anyway it's just the
fall you'll have a good night